Diliaram Azizbaeva graduated from Middle East Technical University, where she studied psychology. She is fluent in Russian, Kyrgyz, English, Turkish, and currently on her way to mastering Chinese. During her undergraduate years, she has always been interested in understanding the rationale behind social inequalities. Several internships and volunteer works with minority groups have confirmed her intent to continue working within this field. At the Yenching Academy, Diliaram plans to educate herself further on these issues in the context of China with its broader conceptualization of diversity in social inequalities, after which she plans to begin a career as a social activist against discrimination and inequalities by implementing policy-making programs in society.
Rebecca Arcesati, from Italy, graduated in Language Mediation and Intercultural Communication at Milan State University, focusing her undergraduate studies on Chinese language and culture. Following her research interests in Chinese politics and international relations, especially in Central Asia, she is now pursuing a Master’s degree in International Science, China and Global Studies, at the University of Turin.  She spent half a year in China to improve her language skills at Beijing Language and Culture University and Liaoning Normal University. As a language mediator in Italy, she has been active in helping Chinese citizens integrate into the local community. Last year she interned at the Asia Pacific Financial Council, a financial organization based in Shanghai. Besides foreign policy and political philosophy, she is passionate about journalism; on the blog Spazio Economia she manages the China Analysis column, where she publishes articles and interviews about Chinese economic and social transformations, published also in major Italian newspapers. At the Yenching Academy she has chosen the Politics and International Relations concentration; her aim is to improve her understanding of China’s role in international affairs, its vision and the philosophy that inspires its diplomacy and foreign policy today. With this perspective, domestic reforms and social changes, as well as the re-emergence of Confucian ethics, will be also part of her research.
Andrew is an athlete, lawyer, entrepreneur and aspiring policy-maker. He studied politics at the University of California, Berkeley where he was a member of the Division 1 Varsity Water Polo Team.  He also studied law at Cambridge University, where he was awarded a "Blue" - one of the University's most prestigious sporting awards. He was born in New Zealand and grew up in Hong Kong, where he attended the Chinese International School.  Andrew has represented Hong Kong as a swimmer and water polo player, and has played in the Chinese National Games.  He currently lives in London where he is training as a lawyer.  He has previously worked at the World Bank, and co-founded a startup that focuses on using technology to support legal aid and access to justice issues in Southeast Asia.  Andrew hopes to conduct research on Chinese law and society, in particular, by examining the impact of law and policy on development outcomes.
Jesse Bowens resides in California where she currently attends the University of California, Berkeley – Haas School of Business. She transferred to Berkeley Haas as a junior from Las Positas College, where she was the 2014 Student of the Year, and is now a senior of the 2016 graduating class. As a Business Administration major, she has chosen to focus her studies in the area of accounting, with aspirations to become a Certified Public Accountant. She was selected as an Emerging Accounting Scholar and will work full-time for Deloitte & Touche LLP upon completion of school. Following graduation from university, she is entering the Yenching Academy to pursue a Master Degree of Chinese Studies with a concentration in Economics and Management. She is fascinated by the interrelated roles of businesses that comprise an economy and the impact on society from economic regulations. She is particularly interested in learning about business operations within China, as it is an economic giant that also places a societal emphasis on community. As a Scholarships Coordinator for the Berkeley Student Foundation and Cohort Leader for the Haas Cohort Program, Jesse is a community leader who seeks to find an ideal balance between individualism and team-based efforts.
Jullian Bao is originally from Edison, New Jersey. She graduated from the University of Chicago with a degree in Statistics. Last summer, Jullian received a Fulbright Summer Institute Fellowship to study British literature at King’s College London. In Chicago, Jullian was actively engaged in her school’s Model UN organization and served as the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Councils. She also edited a Model UN publication for the Middle East circuit. At the Yenching Academy, Jullian will study Public Policy and International Relations. She hopes to gain a more nuanced understanding of China’s diplomatic relations and economic growth.
A French-Tunisian citizen born and raised in Paris, Mohammed-El-Fatah Badr graduated from Sciences Po Paris in International Security. He interned in various places from Doha to New York in different fields including transatlantic cooperation and peacekeeping in West Africa. He also spent an exchange year in Indonesia at Universitas Gadjah Mada, Yogyakarta. His research interests include China’s foreign policy towards the Middle East. Mohammed harbors the secret dream of becoming an expert in Chinese cinema.
Originally from the United States, Olivia Bergen graduated from NYU Abu Dhabi in 2015 with a major in political science and a minor in East Asian studies. As an undergraduate, she spent a semester and winter term in Shanghai studying Chinese language, politics, and education and wrote a senior thesis on gender and campaign finance in U.S.US elections. She is currently teaching and researching at NYU Shanghai on a year-long Global Academic Fellowship. As a Yenching Scholar, she plans to concentrate in Politics and International Relations, focusing on women’s political participation and leadership in China. She aspires to a career in NGOs and IGOs that engage citizens in the political process worldwide.
Sasha is a senior at Columbia University who hails from Vero Beach, Florida. During his final year of high school, he participated in a year-long immersion and homestay experience program in Beijing, China where he attended Beijing No. 2 High School through the School Year Abroad (SYA) program. Upon returning, Sasha chose to pursue a double major in East Asian Studies and Russian Language and Culture. At Columbia University Sasha was active with the Undergraduate Law Review, Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity, and Men’s Rugby team. In fall of his senior of college he was selected to work in Moscow, Russia for the U.S. Department of State. Sasha has also interned at law firms in South America and Florida and plans to concentrate in Law and Society while at Yenching Academy. He speaks English, Spanish, Russian, and Mandarin Chinese.
Thiago Pinagel Barcellos Bessimo studied Social Sciences in the Federal Fluminense University in Rio de Janeiro, and recently received his International Relations degree from the La Salle University of Rio de Janeiro, in Niterói, where he currently lives. During his undergraduate studies, he undertook an exchange program at De La Salle University in Manila, Philippines, and before that, worked as research assistant for a major Brazilian Think-Tank, CEBRI, Brazilian Center for International Relations. As a Yenching Scholar, he plans to pursue the Politics and International Relations concentration, as his main interests are understanding China’s relationship with its historical struggles and how it influences today’s politics and international relations in East Asia, especially regarding territorial disputes with its neighbors and conflicting interests in the region.
Beba Cibralic is a senior at Wellesley College who spent her junior year abroad studying at the University of Oxford. She is from Sydney, Australia but has roots in Bosnia-Herzegovina. She is a double major in Philosophy and Political Science, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and Pi Sigma Alpha. She is currently writing a thesis in philosophy on applying Just War Theory to the U.S.'s strategy in fighting ISIL/Daesh, has published on humanitarian intervention, and has presented at academic conferences in both the UK and in the U.S. on topics in ethics and political theory. She is passionate about language learning, and is on her way to becoming fluent in Russian and Spanish. Her concentration at the Yenching Academy will be in Politics and International Relations. She is specifically interested in the history of Chinese diplomacy, U.S.-China relations, and contemporary political philosophy in China. 
Diana Chang is from the United States. She currently resides in Chicago, Illinois and is finishing her bachelor’s degree at Northwestern University. She is studying Art Theory and Practice and Biology, with a concentration in neurobiology. Her grandparents, practicing artists of historic and traditional Chinese art forms—landscape painting and calligraphy—heavily influenced her early interest in art. As such, her interests in China are deeply tied to the country’s artistic traditions and culture. She hopes to better incorporate this type of understanding with economic and medical frameworks to shape a more effective future for international health policy. With a focus on rural populations in China and the greater East Asia, she will be studying Literature and Culture at the Yenching Academy. Upon her return to the United States, she will matriculate into a dual MD/JD degree program for medicine and law.
Emily Conrad joins the 2016-2017 cohort of Yenching Scholars after having completed a year of graduate study at Tsinghua University as a Chinese Government Scholarship recipient. She graduated from Wofford College (Spartanburg, South Carolina) in 2013 with Phi Beta Kappa and summa cum laude honors, triple majoring in economics, German, and Spanish. During her undergraduate career, she studied at Humboldt-Universität in Berlin, Germany and Universitat Pompeu Fabra in Barcelona, Spain where she gained the prestigious distinction of Matrícula de Honor. Upon graduation, Emily worked as Communications Manager for an international textile machinery firm, Atkins Machinery, where she developed new customers amounting to over $3 million in sales in Latin America and South Asia. A South Carolina native, Emily is also highly involved in local and state politics and served as Director of Communications for the American Party SC. She is also a frequent opinion columnist on domestic and international politics in newspapers and blogs. In her spare time, Emily sings opera. She began classical voice lessons at the age of seven and has studied independently with Metropolitan Opera star Victoria Livengood since 2010. Emily is also a voracious reader and writer, maintaining her own book blog, www.globalbookchallenge.com, since 2012, where she  reviews at least one non-fiction book she reads about every country of the world.
Jenna Cook is from Newburyport, Massachusetts, USA.  She graduated Phi Beta Kappa and Summa Cum Laude from Yale University with a degree in Women’s, Gender, & Sexuality Studies.  From 2014-2015, Jenna Cook was a China Fulbright Scholar in the sociology department of Wuhan University.  At the Yenching Academy, she will pursue a M.A. in China Studies with a concentration in Law and Society. 
Sudarshana Chanda graduated with a BA in History from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University. She was awarded the Amba Dalmia Prize for Creative Talent and Commitment to College, the Faculty Prize for All Round Excellence and a Certificate of Academic Excellence from the Department of History. She was selected to join the Young India Fellowship Programme and subsequently the Ashoka Research and Teaching Fellowship. She has worked as a teaching assistant to celebrated scholars such as Rudrangshu Mukherjee and Nayanjot Lahiri. Music is her first love and though she holds a diploma in Rabindrasangeet and Indian Classical Music, she has a two year old performance career as a jazz singer in New Delhi. Her interests and work experience ranges from art and film-making to writing and music. Her connection with China dates back to memorable excursions during childhood to Tiretti Bazaar, the old Chinatown in Calcutta, her hometown. At Yenching Academy she will study Literature and Culture and hopes to research Children’s Literature in China, New Wave Cinema, and Chinese music and establish channels of cultural exchange between China and India.
Thøger Kersting Christensen majored in Asia Studies (China Studies) at the University of Copenhagen, minored in Journalism and Communication from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, and is currently residing in Beijing. In his B.A. thesis he focused on China’s changing perception of its role in the world seen through an analysis of CCTV’s international TV channels. He has previously done research on the dynamics and transformations of early Chinese Socialism and ancient Chinese philosophy’s impact on contemporary political theory. While studying his BA, Thøger worked at the Danish think tank on Sino-Danish relations and was a part of the editorial team of the Danish magazine on China. Thøger is an avid music lover, being both a musician and music journalist, and has followed the transformation of China’s diverse music subcultures closely. He plans to follow the Politics and International Relations concentration at the Yenching Academy and will focus on China’s growing influence – especially from a political ideological point of view – on international institutions as the UN.
Alessio Wei Chen graduated cum laude in Political Science, minoring in Hu-manistic Studies, from John Cabot University in Rome. He is currently pursu-ing an MSc in International Relations at the London School of Economics, where he specializes in Asia and the Pacific. His research contributes to the de-bate on the role of regional economic integration, nationalism and the percep-tions of identities in Cross-Strait relations. An Italian national of Chinese de-scent, Alessio has lived in China, Italy, the United States, and the United King-dom. Previously, he gained professional experience at the Italian Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York, the International Fund for Agri-cultural Development (IFAD) and the United States Embassy in Italy. He has been actively involved in the activities of Associna, the Association of Second Generation Italian-Chinese, promoting linguistic and cultural dialogue be-tween young Italians, Chinese and Sino-Italians. His great ambition is to work for the diplomatic service representing Italian and EU interests in China. Ales-sio is confident that the concentration in Public Policy and International Rela-tions at the Yenching Academy will provide a solid understanding of China to fulfil his professional aspirations. Alessio is fluent in Italian, Chinese, English, German, French and Spanish and his passion for foreign languages and cul-tures has also brought him to study Japanese, Arabic and Portuguese. Alessio hopes to explore his cultural heritage while studying in China and exchanging ideas with the Yenching Scholars and academics as well as the larger PKU community in Beijing.
Hailing from Kaohsiung, Taiwan, Wen-Ling Chao graduated from the Chiao Tung University, with a degree in Humanities and Social Sciences. Wen-Ling’s ancestry traces back to the Shandong province of Mainland China, from which her grandparents departed for Taiwan in 1949. Wen-Ling’s inherent interest in the social identity of Taiwan and the Mainland, both on a personal and societal level, propelled her to become an exchange student at Fudan University in 2014. Her preoccupation with social issues has not been limited to the academic world. As the chief executive of the Educational Support Group for Poor Rural Children and co-founder of the Social Enterprise Thinking Club in her college, she led more than 50 students in various social service initiatives to benefit disadvantaged children and farmers in Taiwan. Wen-Ling has also hosted many activities, such as the Forum for Post 90s, where nearly 200 students from Mainland China developed a better understanding of Taiwan’s socio-politics. To her, peaceful Cross-Strait exchanges have begun, and the communication cannot stop. To continually deepen mutual understanding between the younger generations of Taiwan and the Mainland is of vital importance. She has promoted this proposition on various platforms, the value of which was recognized in the Taiwan Best Policy Open Tournament, where her proposal emerged as one of the finalists. Inspired by her time as an intern at the office of the ex-municipal chairman of the Kaohsiung City Council, Wen-Ling plans to explore at the Yenching Academy issues concerning the Asia-Pacific, specifically Cross-Strait Relations.
Chen Zhuang is studying Korean and Economics at Peking University and spent one semester studying at Hanyang University in South Korea as an exchange student. As the Chair of the Peking University China-Korea Communication Association, he helped organize the PKU International Cultural Festival. He has been involved in a research project on China’s water reform and water rights market jointly initiated by the University of Victoria and the Central University of Finance and Economics. At the Yenching Academy, he plans to combine the knowledge he has learned during his undergraduate studies with China Studies theories to investigate the problems China faces developing Sino-Korea trade and take advantage of this opportunity for cross-cultural exchange.
Bruno Kern Duarte studied International Relations at the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS), Brazil, graduating with a thesis on the Chinese Political System. Bruno worked at the Center for International Studies on Government, in the area of International Security, where he researched Chinese foreign and security policies. During his undergraduate career, he received a scholarship to study Mandarin for a calendar year at the Communication University of China. Currently, he is living in Beijing while finishing research for his mMaster’s in International Strategic Studies at UFRGS. His thesis is about the political challenges of the Chinese economic transition. At the Yenching Academy, Bruno will focus his studies on the political aspects of Chinese economic development.
Coline Deltreil Lacoste was born in France and is currently living in Bordeaux.From September 2013 to June 2015, she studied at Lycée Janson de Sailly in Paris 16, specializing in economics. She graduated with first class honours and is currently studying European Economics and Policy at the University of Bordeaux Montesquieu. While economics is Coline’s cup of tea, art is her passion. As a sculptor’s daughter, she has always lived in an artistically-enlightened environment. Since childhood, she has developed a keen interest in the arts and a resilient creative streak. She has never considered visiting museums or attending previews, theatre plays and concerts as a drudgery, but rather as a hobby. Her ideal career is to hold a managerial position in an international art rental network, thus understanding and appreciating the stakes of the cultural sector. Coline has developed a keen interest in China since her godfather, who is a French photographer specializing in China and Myanmar, taught her about the Middle Kingdom. She is able to speak a little Chinese, having been taught by a Peking University alumnus who strengthened her love for China and admiration for his alma mater. Joining the Yenching Academy of Peking University in September 2016 is thus an honor and an opportunity to renew her passion for China.
Deng Chengcheng studies Social Work at Sun Yat-Sen University. As an undergraduate, she was awarded many scholarships, including the National Scholarship and the Outstanding Student Scholarship. While at SYSU, she was also actively involved in university life as the Deputy Secretary of the Communist Youth League, and hosted several large-scale events and competitions, such as the Social Survey Competition and a cultural exploration activity in Guangdong Province. Deng’s academic interests include social stratification, social inequity and social mobility.
Joost van Deutekom is currently studying for an MPhil in Modern Chinese Studies at the University of Oxford, focusing on Chinese politics and foreign policy. Previously Joost graduated from Radboud University with a degree in Political Science, studied for a year at the Università degli Studi di Siena as an Erasmus student and interned at the Political Department of the Dutch Embassy in London. At the Yenching Academy he hopes to focus on the domestic sources of Chinese foreign policy and further improve his Mandarin.
Ding Lingxiao will graduate from Peking University with double majors in International Political Economy and Economics. His research interests focus on China’s economic transition and the government’s role in it. He looks forward to strengthening his multi-disciplinary background in economics and politics during his studies at the Yenching Academy, furthering his research on China and gaining solid insight into the prospects of the country’s economic transition.
Matthew DeButts graduated from Amherst College in 2014, majoring in Law, Jurisprudence and Social Thought. In 2014-15, he taught Law at China Foreign Affairs University in Beijing as a Princeton-in-Asia Fellow, while working part-time as Editor-in-Chief of Legation Quarter, a Beijing-area foreign affairs newsletter. He is currently a Chinese language student at Tsinghua University in Beijing. As a Yenching Scholar, he plans to concentrate in Politics and International Relations. He has diverse interests, however, including education policy, foreign affairs, and landscape design. He is looking forward to meeting the other Yenching Scholars and learning more about China together. Matt DeButts was born in Winston-Salem, NC, and raised in Arlington, VA.
Max-Sebastian Dovì graduated from Bocconi University with a degree in Economics, and simultaneously completed a second undergraduate degree in International Relations and Philosophy at the University of St Andrews, as well as a graduate diploma in Mathematics from the University of London (LSE). Max-Sebastian is a dual German-Italian citizen, growing up in both Genoa and Berlin before moving to Scotland for his studies. Building on his nine-month stay in Beijing and Shanghai as an exchange student, at the Yenching Academy he is interested in pursuing research related to the (International) Political Economy of China. More generally, he is interested in studying the likely development of trade relationships between Europe and China in a time where the two economies are becoming increasingly structurally similar and hence are (ostensibly) entering into greater competition with each other. Concretely, he is presently interested in researching the effects of China’s restructuring its economy along ‘green’ lines and the implications this will have for Sino-European environmental cooperation. He also wishes to take advantage of his stay at the Yenching Academy to improve his Chinese and become familiar with novel paradigmatic approaches to the philosophical issues he studied at St Andrews.
Pavel Degtiarev is completing his undergraduate degree at University College London (UCL), where he studied Russian history at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies. He holds dual UK/Russian citizenship and worked at the Moscow office of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) in the summer of 2015. At the Yenching Academy, he plans to pursue the economics and management concentration of the Master's in China Studies program. He is interested in finance and clean energy investment in the context of China’s economic development over the next five years. Pavel will be completing a summer analyst program at J.P. Morgan in London before arriving in Beijing.
Yuliana comes from Russia and has experience living in London and Hong Kong. She has a Bachelor degree with Distinction in International Relations from Moscow State University. Prior to joining the Yenching Academy, she studied for a MSc in China in a Comparative Perspective at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). Throughout her studies, Yuliana has been actively involved in academic debate on Chinese foreign policy and economics, particularly energy relations with Russia on which she published several articles. Her current research interests lie in the area of development studies and include China’s quest for domestic innovations and sustainable economic growth. Yuliana’s concentration at the Yenching Academy is Economics and Management and she hopes to conduct extensive field research on development strategies of Chinese major companies such as Huawei, exploring their success and failures in producing functioning innovations. Yuliana is proficient in English and Mandarin, has a passion for astronomy and enjoys visits to observatories during her free time.
Gökhan Er studied Economics at Boğazici University, Istanbul with a minor in International Relations and Political Science. At Boğaziçi, he actively participated in the school newspaper as editor-in-chief, and interned at NGOs such as Transparency International. He later became a Confucius Institute Scholar in Shanghai University’s non-degree Chinese language program and is currently continuing his studies there. His interest in Chinese culture is not only limited to linguistics. He also focuses on the media landscape in China and the political economy of Asia-Pacific countries too. Gökhan plans to pursue his interest in international relations and politics through his studies at the Yenching Academy.
Nikita Ermakov graduated from the Saint Petersburg University, Russia, where he completed his Master’s degree in Economics. His academic experience includes three years of studying at Ajou University and The Catholic University of Korea, where his classes were held in Korean. At the completion of his time in Korea he received a B.A.BA from Ajou University. Nikita is interested in sports and has also participated in competitions for his university swimming team. He has studied Chinese before, so he plans to improve his language skills and learn Cantonese. Nikita worked at the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency in Saint Petersburg as a marketing manager. He likes to work with an international team and develop business connections. His main research interests include: international marketing strategies in Asia and foreign direct investments to Hong Kong. At the Yenching Academy, he will continue to focus on investment policies of China and other East Asian countries.
Yagmur Ersan received her B.S. degree in International Relations from the Middle East Technical University in Turkey. She is expected to receive her M.A. degree from the same university and department at the end of this term. Yagmur has worked on China and African relations within the context of South-South cooperation, and as a case study she focused on China-South African relations in her dissertation. She has been working at the International Strategic Research Organization (USAK), which is one of the largest and most well-known think tanks in Turkey. Currently, she is learning Chinese at National Chengchi University in Taipei. Her main areas of interest are Chinese foreign policy, energy politics, and Asian affairs. At the Yenching Academy, she would like to focus on Chinese Foreign Policy. In addition to the required courses, she would like to take Theory and Practice of Chinese Foreign Policy, Confucian Philosophy, The Global View of China, Sino-US Relations, and Energy Issues in Asia.
Hannah Feldshuh graduated Phi Beta Kappa in April 2016 from the University of Michigan's College of Literature, Science, and the Arts with high honors in Asian Language and Cultures and International Studies.  Her honors thesis, entitled “Gender, Sexism, And Marriage Practice in Contemporary China: A Study Of “Shengnü” (“Leftover Women”) In Popular Media” explored the impact of language on media representation, gender roles, power dynamics, and social control. As an undergraduate, Hannah interned at the United States Trade Representative China desk and at the Center for Strategic and International Studies’ Simon Chair in Political Economy. As the Asia Regional Editor of the Michigan Journal of International Affairs, Hannah enjoyed working with peers to research, write, and edit articles analyzing international issues.  In summer 2015, she served as a Critical Language Scholar in Suzhou, China.  At the Yenching Academy, Hannah is excited to explore the intersection of language, popular media, and public policy.
José Izquierdo Fernández graduated from the University of Granada (Spain) where he studied political science and public administration. While studying politics, he felt increasingly interested in legal studies, and decided to pursue a bachelor’s degree in law. In 2012 he was granted the Erasmus Scholarship to study European Union law and private international law at Yeditepe University (Istanbul, Turkey). The following academic year, thanks to the sponsorship of his home university, he went to the University of Toronto where he focused on political theory and the history of economic thought. He graduated from his bachelor’s in political science in 2014, receiving the “Award for Excellence in International Mobility”. After graduation he continued his legal studies with a focus in cross-border litigation, interning at the AGM–Paris law boutique. In the winter semester of 2015 he received the IES Abroad Scholarship to study Chinese language at Beijing Foreign Studies University, where he also worked as a data analyst for the technological start-up Flint App. Following this experience he accepted an admission offer from the Chinese Scholarship Council and moved to Shanghai in order to continue his studies of Chinese language and law at East China University of Political Science and Law. After graduating in law at the University of Granada in June 2016 he hopes to specialize in the Chinese market from a legal perspective. His ambition is to contribute to strengthening the economic ties between Europe and China, by facilitating the entry of small and medium-sized businesses into the large and complex markets of China. That is why, while at the Yenching Academy, he intends to deepen his knowledge on the Chinese legal framework, China’s regulatory environment, and its significance for foreign businesses, with a particular focus on Spanish and European companies.
Sofia Ferigolli is an Italian student, born in Trento, who is completing a double-binational degree in International Relations between France (at Sciences Po Bordeaux) and Italy (at the Università degli Studi of Torino). Currently, Sofia is enrolled in an English speaking master’s program in Bordeaux, which has no equivalent in France outside Paris, and which includes a semester at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, in Monterey, California. However, she is deferring this academic opportunity in order to study for a Master’s at the Yenching Academy next year.  Sofia holds an Italian Bachelor’s degree in International Relations. In 2015, she presented a thesis regarding the International Dimension of Sport Practice, which focused on the process of rapprochement between China and the USA under the name of ping-pong diplomacy. The Franco-Italian program she is pursuing will provide her with four degrees: two Italian and two French. As she is focused on the field of diplomacy and international cooperation, she would like to pursue her studies at the Yenching Academy in the field of politics and international relations. Thus, her intention is to further investigate China’s public and foreign policy, which she has only slightly touched upon during her four previous years at university.
Agustin Grizia received his Bachelor in International Relations degree at Universidad del Salvador. He is twenty-two years old, lives in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and is passionate about Chinese history, politics and international relations. Since his studies have been specially focused on East Asia, this last year he started working in a research group about Asia in the Social Sciences Research Institute (IDICSO). As a member of the second cohort of the Yenching Academy of Peking University, Agustin will learn about China and its role in international politics in preparation for a career in the Diplomatic Service of Argentina.
Alexandra Gray is from New Jersey, USA, and is a graduating senior at Stanford University. She is majoring in Political Science with a primary concentration in Comparative Government, and is minoring in Chinese and Creative Writing. Her study abroad experiences in China through the U.S. State Department’s National Security Language Initiative for Youth (NSLI-Y) in high school and Stanford’s Beijing program in Fall 2014, as well as her coursework on Chinese politics and culture, solidified her interest in Mandarin and China’s development as a nation through both international and domestic lenses. Having served as a Campus Ambassador at Stanford for the non-profit Teach for China and as a summer intern on the Asia Team of the international NGO Internews in 2015, she is particularly interested in how government or actors in civil society may address issues of social inequity. At Yenching Academy, she plans to pursue the Law and Society track.
Claire Groden studied government and Asian studies at Dartmouth College, graduating magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. She was awarded the Mecklin Prize for best student writing in narrative non-fiction. Groden has worked for The Wall Street Journal, The New Republic, and Fortune in New York, writing primarily about business and politics. At the Yenching Academy, Groden will focus on China's recent economic development.
Danit Gal graduated with a BA magna cum laude in Government from IDC Herzliya, Israel, where she was a Ragonis Foundation Scholar, Argov Fellow, and MENA Leaders for Change Fellow. Danit also holds an M.Sc. in the Social Science of the Internet from the University of Oxford, where she focused on socio-technical aspects of cybersecurity.While at Oxford, she co-authored a UNESCO study on countering online hate speech and organized the annual Peking-Oxford-Stanford Internet Law and Policy Conference. Passionate about science, technology, and society, Danit will explore the diffusion of technological innovation in a hyper-connected China at the Yenching Academy.
John “Jake” Grefenstette was the president of his class, a Hesburgh-Yusko merit scholar, and a Dean’s Fellow in the Glynn Family Honors Program at the University of Notre Dame.  Jake spent his junior year as a visiting student at the University of Oxford before returning to graduate Phi Beta Kappa with a B.A.BA in Theology from Notre Dame.  Jake received grants for each of his undergraduate summers to teach English in Chimbote, Peru; study Rinzai Zen Buddhism in Kyoto, Japan; and conduct research for his honors thesis in Cambridge, MA.  In the Philosophy and Religion concentration at the Yenching Academy, Jake intends to study the influence of Daoism on Chinese poetry and explore different methodologies in religious studies.  Outside of his discipline, Jake is interested in jazz piano, world cinema, and Pittsburgh sports teams.
Laura Grunberg holds a German passport but has a very mixed background and is currently living between the UK and Switzerland. She attended school in both Germany and Switzerland before gaining a scholarship for boarding school in the UK, and is currently studying Human, Social and Political Sciences with Management at the University of Cambridge’s Judge Business School. Laura’s interests range from public policy to business innovation and social anthropology. At Cambridge, she was actively involved in organizing seminars and conferences as President of the UK’s leading student think tank, but has also had the opportunity of working for large corporations such as CHANEL. Having always had a passion for China, she has been studying Mandarin and going to China since the age of 16, in addition to following courses on the anthropology of Inner Asia during her studies. At Yenching she really looks forward to following the Economics and Management concentration, and would like to further explore the topics of Innovation and Creativity within the Chinese business environment.
Hailing from Jacksonville, Florida (USA), Travis Jamaal Gidado is a graduate of Yale University, where he majored in Ethics, Politics and Economics. At Yale, Travis's unique concentration focused on globalization as it relates to culture and identity formation, and his capstone thesis addressed extreme right-wing reactions to multiculturalism and immigration policies in Western Europe. Since graduation, Travis has gone on to work as a legal analyst for Goldman Sachs in New York City, a research associate intern with the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, D.C., and a research analyst at Atlantic Media Company as part of the National Journal Group, a public relations and government affairs advisory arm. Travis is currently pursuing an MPhil in Public Policy at King's College, Cambridge (UK) while interning with the Cabinet Office's social investment and finance team in London. As a Yenching Scholar, Travis hopes to leverage his diverse experiences in the private and public sectors to analyze the political implications and decision-making processes behind China's investment activities in Africa over the last quarter-century. To that end, Travis plans to pursue the Politics and International Relations concentration at YCA alongside relevant coursework in Economics and Management. Moreover, as the proud son of Nigerian immigrants who learned to adapt to the United States, Travis is most excited to immerse himself within Chinese culture. A first-time visitor to China, Travis looks forward to extensive travel, learning Chinese, and writing about his experiences all while learning from an extraordinarily diverse community of scholars and educators.
David Hongler currently lives and studies in Zurich and is planning to complete his Master's degree in the field of law this summer. He just returned to Switzerland after spending a year at the Renmin University of China. During his time in Beijing, he studied China's legal system while also making an effort to better understand Chinese contemporary society through the means of cultural immersion and intensive language studies. David holds both Swiss and German citizenship and grew up in an intellectually stimulating environment in Zurich. Early on, he developed a broad variety of interests ranging from competitive rowing to the art of Japanese woodblock prints. During his studies in Switzerland, he accumulated both professional and volunteer experience. Notably, he was employed as a research assistant to a Chair for International Law. Among other things, he extensively researched the sovereignty disputes over the maritime features in the South China Sea. David's academic interests are not just limited to the sphere of law, but extend to history, philosophy, society and economics. As a Yenching Scholar, he plans to both further develop his interests in Law and Society in China, and also to gain a deeper understanding of China's economy.
Gabrielle de Haan is an East Asian Languages and Cultures major and John Jay Scholar at Columbia University in New York (Columbia College ’16). Born in France to a French mother and an American father, she grew up in France, England, and Italy, where she attended a traditional Liceo Classico and studied Latin and Classical Greek. The addition of Mandarin to her linguistic studies soon led her to the belief that understanding China and its history, culture and place in the world was a challenge that she had to pursue. Gabrielle also has a keen interest in contemporary art and has worked at various galleries and arts institutions such as Christie's, Gagosian Gallery, and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. As a Yenching Scholar, she will study Chinese Literature and Culture, and also plans to further her knowledge of contemporary Chinese art, and specifically, how these fields will ultimately enhance mutual understanding between China and the West.
Diana grew up in Tianjin, China. She attends the University of International Business and Economics, where she is majoring in English Translation and Interpretation (Economy and Trade). Diana was awarded a full scholarship to be a visiting scholar in Sydney, Australia, and has been awarded the National Scholarship, Guanghua Scholarship, First-Class Scholarship, and many prizes for speech contests, English negotiation, and more. Diana also ranked among the top in international-style ballroom dance competitions, hosting competition, and singing competitions. Diana was the only female student host of the 2013 International Youth Organization Forum & Beijing Sister City Youth Camp Welcome Dinner. She has served as Director of the UIBE TV Station, Vice President of Willis Towers Watson Campus Club, and part-time model and dance instructor. At the Yenching Academy, Diana intends to focus on the Chinese economy and management.
Johannes Hallermeier is a philosophy major from Princeton University. Though he is originally from Germany, he has spent several years living in Latin America and the United States. He taught English and set up a scholarship program in Arequipa, Peru, pursued undergraduate studies at Princeton University in New Jersey, and got to know Cuba during a semester at the University of Havana. Johannes wrote his senior thesis on refugees and economic migrants, and the two groups’ comparable claims to be admitted to foreign countries. At the Yenching Academy, Johannes will focus on the study of Chinese philosophy and its role in today’s politics and culture. He became fascinated with China’s current transition after observing similar processes in Cuba, where capitalist activity and its social effects have been allowed to grow within a socialist system. Like in Cuba, Johannes will explore China both in the classroom and in contact with diverse parts of Beijing’s population. He is hoping to synthesize his impressions in writing, photography and videography.
Ralph Alexander Hunt III (commonly referred to as Tre) is from the United States and studied African Studies and East Asian Studies at Harvard University. His senior honors thesis focused on the relationship between China and Zimbabwe, and reasons as to why Zimbabwe decided to implement a "Look East" policy in the early 2000s. During college, Tre traveled extensively through sub-Saharan Africa and China, studying Mandarin Chinese along the way. His interests include the China-Africa relationship, foreign language acquisition theory, travel, and animation. At the Yenching Academy, he intends to deepen his understanding of the China-Africa relationship, and focus on the political, cultural, and economic ties that the two regions share.
Sam Hall is an Australian who graduated from the University of Sydney with majors in Economics, Chinese and Quantitative Analytics. During and following the completion of his undergraduate degree, Sam lived, worked, travelled and studied in various locations across China. Above all, however, it is language and (chiefly post-1911) literature that continue to interest him most strongly. At the Yenching Academy, Sam intends to more deeply study Comparative Literature and Philology in the Chinese context to inform his research into Chinese culture, national narratives, and their impact on China’s approach to international discourse and norm setting. For the past 8 months, Sam has lived in Germany as part of a sabbatical year, during which he pursued German language learning, wider reading, and travel.
Ty Hopp is an interdisciplinary Asian Humanities scholar and graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). An avid backpacker and fluent Korean speaker, Ty spent a year at Yonsei University in South Korea and taught English to North Korean refugees as a volunteer for Seoul-based NGO PSCORE. Working remotely with the US Embassy in Jakarta, he founded the Teach for Borneo initiative, an English education program for rural Indonesian students on the island of Borneo. Ty will pursue the politics and international relations concentration at the Yenching Academy. Building on his experience combining education, technology and diplomacy, he will focus his research on the role of digital people-to-people diplomacy in the China-U.S. bilateral relationship. A budding designer and front-end developer, he intends to merge his diverse interests to pursue culturally-informed global entrepreneurship. He is 23 years old and from the United States of America.
Veronica Houk grew up in New York City. She is currently studying Literature and Art History in her fourth year at New York University Abu Dhabi, where she wrote her senior thesis on cooking, battling, and eating in Maxine Hong Kingston’s memoir The Woman Warrior. At Yenching Academy, Veronica will concentrate in Art History and is particularly interested in researching Chinese performance art and bodyworks, or “flesh art”, that use nonhuman animals as materials. She is excited to return to Beijing to study, having spent her junior year of high school at the Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University.
Hu Xiaoyi is majoring in history at Nanjing University. She was awarded the National Scholarship and Outstanding Student award, as well as other academic honors from university. Xiaoyi endeavors to share Chinese culture in real-world settings. She has attended many intercultural exchanges, including a London global study tour, summer school at the University of California, Berkeley, and the Asia-Pacific Rim Leadership Program in Malaysia. She has also volunteered to teach Chinese culture at a primary school in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and was interviewed by Xinhua Daily, which published an article about the experience. Throughout her trips, Xiaoyi encountered both love and misunderstanding of Chinese culture, which has strengthened her resolve to promote intercultural exchange.
Angel has twice been named one of the “Top Ten Elites” of Wuhan University, where she is majoring in English. She was the youngest head of the Wuhan University TV Station and Vice-Chairman of the Student Union. Angel has interviewed celebrities, including Nobel Prize winners. She has participated in a forum on relations between major world powers, receiving recognition from the Central Government think tank. Angel has traveled Southwestern China to promote Wuhan University and has worked to coordinate cooperation between Wuhan University and Spanish universities. She has completed three research projects and hosted a Diplomatic Salon at her university. She was awarded First Prize in the National College TV Awards for programs that she personally designed and directed, and placed first in Wuhan University’s “Speak for the World Mock News Anchor Competition.” Angel was featured in a news piece that received 100 thousand views in its first day online. The story was picked up by dozens of media organizations, including Xinhua News Agency and People’s Daily online. Angel’s goal is to devote herself to global governance.
Bulelani Jili is a senior at Wesleyan University studying philosophy, history, government, and economics. He is a Pfeiffer Scholar, receiving a full scholarship awarded to one student based on academic excellence and leadership achievement. While at Wesleyan, he has done research on post-apartheid education reform, democratic theory, political action, and political sociology. His honors thesis was particularly concerned with examining the structural features in democracy and American history that perpetuate inequality; moreover, it aimed at demonstrating the need for a civically inclined citizenry. Bulelani is also the founder of Middletown Potluck, an organization that was created in order to provide a platform for community members to break bread, converse, and establish partnerships to pursue social justice in the wider Middletown community. The Yenching Academy is an opportunity to help him serve South Africa and the world better. The opportunity to be in China with the Yenching Academy will greatly add to his understanding of politics and its ills, and essentially add to his ability to craft concrete public policy solutions, especially for a geopolitical landscape that is shifting towards China. He hopes to continue to apply his social science acumen to assess issues pertaining to governance and educational policies in China and South Africa.
Originally from Penang, Malaysia, Jing Hao Liong has spent the past four years in New York City studying Anthropology and Economics-Political Science at Columbia University. Jing intends to approach his study of China informed by his interests in postcolonial studies and queer theory, theoretical frameworks he finds useful for interrogating formations of power and subjectivities along the lines of race, empire, gender, and sexuality. At the Yenching Academy, he is hoping to pursue a concentration in History and Archaeology in order to understand the historical conditions through which contemporary Chinese gender and sexual politics have emerged. Jing has previously lived in Shanghai and Dalian, and spent the summer of 2015 in Beijing interning at the Columbia Global Centers | East Asia.
Originally from Seoul, Korea, Brian studies international relations and public policy in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University with a focus on security in East Asia. With language skills in Korean, Mandarin, and Japanese, Brian hopes to focus his career on conceptualizing sudden changes on the Korean peninsula, devising a Korean reunification policy, and reimagining American influence in the context of a rising China and unified Korea. Brian most recently worked for Choson Exchange, a Singaporean non-profit, where he helped organize business workshops for a delegation of North Korean bureaucrats. Previously, he held an internship with the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a Washington think tank where he provided research assistance to North Korea expert Victor Cha. From 2014-15, Brian also held a virtual foreign service internship with the Office of Japanese Affairs at the U.S. Department of State where he facilitated U.S.-Japan reconciliation by arranging POW trips to Japan. At Princeton, Brian served as the president of Princeton for North Korean Human Rights, sat on the executive board of the Princeton Journal of East Asian Studies, and was an undergraduate fellow for the Princeton Center for International Security Studies. He wrote his undergraduate thesis on Korean reunification policy and, in 2014, spent a semester in Oxford to study German reunification. As a Yenching Scholar, Brian hopes to pursue a concentration in Politics and International Relations and deepen his understanding of Chinese strategic thinking toward North Korea.
Dongwoo was born and raised in South Korea, but has mostly lived abroad, spending almost ten years in Nicaragua before moving to Dayton, Ohio, and then to Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, which he now calls home. Dongwoo studied History and Political Science at the University of Alberta, and as of April 2016, he has been working towards his Master of Arts in Political Science at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver as a Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC) Joseph-Armand Bombardier Canada Graduate Scholarship holder. Academically, Dongwoo has been interested in the cross-section between culture and politics. He plans to study Politics and International Relations at the Yenching Academy, with the goal of one day contributing towards a more constructive relationship between Canada and East Asia. Dongwoo has contributed to academic and non-academic publications, including The Globe and Mail, and he hopes to further engage in public debates in the future.Dongwoo is grateful for his family, friends, and professors at the University of Alberta and the University of British Columbia for their support and encouragement. Nothing would have been possible or meaningful without them.
Harriet Kariuki was born and raised in Kenya, and will be graduating from Harvard where she is studying Government and East Asian Studies with a Korean language citation. Previously, she interned with the Kenyan Ministry of Foreign Affairs' China Desk and conducted comparative research on Japanese and Chinese foreign aid in East Africa. At the Yenching Academy, Harriet will pursue her interests in Chinese foreign policy, with a focus on Sino-African diplomatic and foreign relations.
Jason Kwon, or Jung Jae Kwon, is a graduate of Harvard University, where he majored in political science with a focus in international relations. He is originally from Seoul, South Korea and has lived in Vancouver and Massachusetts. He has also spent a summer at Harvard Beijing Academy. Jason served two years in the South Korean army as a mechanic and has deployed to South Sudan as a United Nations peacekeeper. In South Sudan, he was a translator and a member of the Civil-Military Coordination team. After finishing at the Yenching Academy, Jason is scheduled to begin his Ph.D. studies in MIT’s Security Studies Program within the Political Science Department. His research interests broadly encompass East Asian Security, U.S.-China relations, and East African conflicts. He has previously published two articles in undergraduate academic journals on international relations. At the Yenching Academy, Jason intends to concentrate in either Politics and International Relations or History and Archaeology. His focus will be on analyzing patterns in China’s historical and current foreign policy behaviors. One of his most important goals is to improve his Chinese. Jason wants to use the experience at Yenching as a stepping stone for his training and potential career in academia. In his spare time, Jason loves to play sports. Baseball is his favorite thing in the world. He also likes to cook and explore different cuisines. In China, Jason intends to challenge himself with as many exotic dishes as possible.
Kristen Kelly majored in Urban Studies and English and minored in Asian American Studies at the University of Pennsylvania, where she will graduate magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa in May. Her honors thesis focused on historic preservation and the adaptive reuse of sacred spaces in Philadelphia. As a multiracial Chinese-American, Kristen has also been devoted to research about Chinese immigration and community development patterns in the United States. At the Yenching Academy, Kristen will be pursuing a concentration in History and Archeology. She looks forward to learning more about her Chinese heritage and culture while living in Beijing.
Mohnish Kedia is Indian by citizenship and is currently a graduate student of economics at the University of Cambridge. Before coming to Cambridge, he did his undergraduate degree in economics at Ramjas College, University of Delhi. His area of research primarily focuses on public policy with a special interest in education and healthcare. As an undergraduate student, he has worked with the Indian Statistical Institute and the Government of Bihar on projects focusing on law and order, corruption, etc. As a scholar at the Yenching Academy, Mohnish will be focusing on the economy of China, with a special interest in the urbanization and structural transformation of China. Apart from his interest in China as a scholar of economics, Mohnish’s interest in China grew as a result of deep friendship with his colleagues from China at Cambridge. He believes that studying in China will give him new insights on human nature, culture, society and norms. Mohnish strongly believes in the Indian culture of ‘Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam’, which means ‘the world is one family,’ and aspires to spread this message to his fellow world citizens.
Moritz Kleinaltenkamp, from Berlin, Germany, studied Political Science at Freie Universität Berlin, where he grew especially interested in topics of International Political Economy. His thesis, which his university published as part of their Papers on International Political Economy, used Berlin’s American-style startup industry as a backdrop to analyze the interaction of differing institutional settings. Alongside his undergraduate studies, Moritz gained experience working as a student assistant at Freie Universität Berlin and in an IT consulting firm. While at the Yenching Academy, he wishes to study China’s institutional setting and research the impact of increasingly automated production systems on the country’s economy.
Nishat Kazmi is from Pakistan and works as a Research Associate at the Centre for Research and Security Studies (CRSS), an Islamabad based think-tank. His work with CRSS has focused on regional security and bilateral cooperation issues between Afghanistan and Pakistan, as part of a major track II initiative.  Kazmi is also the Pakistan Representative and Advisor with the Institute for Environmental Security (IES), headquartered in The Hague. During his association with IES, he contributed to The Hague Environmental Law Clinic project. He has also been a key member of the Bureau of Global Military Advisory Council on Climate Change, a network which brings together serving and retired military officers from around the world to promote actions that help counter the adverse impacts of climate change. During January-February 2016, Kazmi was based at The Hiroshima Peacebuilders Center in Japan on a fellowship focusing on peace-building, development, and international institutions. Previously, he has worked at the Pakistan office of Heinrich Boell Stiftung, the German Green Political Foundation, and the Embassy of Pakistan in The Netherlands.  Nishat holds a B.A.LLB (Hons.) degree from Punjab University, Pakistan, and an LLM from Maastricht University, The Netherlands, where he specialized in international and European economic law. He has been the recipient of several awards including Heinrich Boell Fellowship at Philipps University Marburg, Germany, and Huygens Scholarship of the Government of the Netherlands. At the Yenching Academy, he will specialize in Public Policy and International Affairs. His areas of interests include Chinese foreign and trade policies, and China’s role in the United Nations, particularly the issues of peace-building and sustainable development.
Sam Khabir is trained in architecture, urban design and spatial planning. He graduated with distinction with a European Postgraduate Masters in Urbanism (KU Leuven, IUAV Venezia, TU Delft and UPC Barcelona) in 2013. His research interests are mainly grounded in the economic, social and spatial dynamics of urbanization in East & South-East Asia with a particular focus on the Chinese context. He has spent a significant amount of time in various regions of China since 2012, understanding the ground realities of urban development in the country. In his master’s thesis, Sam addresses the profound challenges to the sustainable development of Southeast Asian cities in the 21st century, and through a research-by-design approach, proposes resilient urbanism as an alternative to the current trends. As a designer and planner, he has been involved in a number of urban projects and acquired extensive experience in different contexts through international urban design studios and workshops across North America, Europe and East Asia. He is currently completing his second Master’s in International Business, Economics and Management at KU Leuven (Belgium), before joining the Yenching Academy in September 2016. Also an international delegate to the inaugural Yenching Global Symposium, Sam is looking forward to returning to the Academy to further explore the consumption cultures of contemporary urban spaces in modern China and to continue his studies at Ph.D. level.
Tuulia Koivistoinen studied International Relations at King’s College London. Originally from a small town in Finland, she has also lived in Japan and has had an internship in China. At the Yenching Academy, she hopes to expand her knowledge of Chinese urban transformations building on her undergraduate dissertation on the reform of the Chinese household registration system.
Veeresh Kanduri graduated in Development Studies from Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai. He extensively studied ecological approaches to environmental sustainability and completed his thesis titled “Towards a methodology for Cumulative Impact Assessment”. He received his bachelor’s degree from Kakatiya University in Mechanical Engineering. Veeresh has been actively involved in student union elections and served as a General Secretary during his undergraduate studies and as a Literary Secretary during his graduate studies. In his capacity as the Literary Secretary, Veeresh initiated a Literature Festival, which featured personalities from various spectra of everyday life. Veeresh also volunteered at length in the recent Nepal earthquake disaster and worked with the community to construct 200 shelters in 3 months. His focus at the Yenching Academy will be on environmental politics of developing nations and the role of civil societies towards sustainable development.
Alix Lewis hails from Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean. Currently, Alix is a senior at Wellesley College, majoring in Economics and minoring in Chinese. At Wellesley, she serves as the president of the Slater International Students’ Organization. A key interest of hers is the promising development of the Sino-Caribbean relationship and specifically, the Sino-Trinidadian relationship.  After earning her master’s degree in Politics and International Relations, Alix hopes to return to her home country and work on issues related to trade and urban development. Alix is 22 years old and spent her last years of high school in Hong Kong.
Lin Dan studies international politics at Xiamen University. She has received many honors for her academic performance, including the National Scholarship and the Outstanding Merit Student Award of Xiamen University. Lin was an exchange student at the National Chengchi University in Taiwan for one semester and spent one year studying at the University of Amsterdam. In 2014, she was one of the youngest participants in the Peking University-University of Chicago Summer Institute on IR Theory and Method. Lin’s primary academic interest is US-China relations. At the Yenching Academy, Lin would like to focus on social stratification and social mobility in contemporary China.
Elek Lane hails from the U.S., having grown up in Wisconsin, one of its northerly states. After spending his childhood alternating between swimming and skating Wisconsin's many rivers and lakes, he moved to Chicago where he currently resides. He has spent four years studying at the University of Chicago. His major academic focus is philosophy, but he is also interested in the history of islands, the horror of embodiment, and the blues. At the Yenching Academy, his intended field of study is Philosophy and Religion. Deeply perplexed by the world and the people in it, Elek has found himself drawn to philosophy (and other forms of philosophical thinking) as a way of trying to understand it all. Some thinkers in whom he has developed a special kind of fascination are Kierkegaard, Beckett, Mencius, Hitchcock, and Wittgenstein as well as many teachings from the Tao Te Ching and of Tiantai Buddhism. He finds studying the Tao illuminates certain aspects of Wittgenstein - which in turn illuminates certain aspects of the Tao, and so on. For example, Wittgenstein's claim that his own writing is meaningless, that its purpose is to get one to 'see rightly', can be interestingly compared to the opening of the Tao: "The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao". He intends to continue pursuing interests such as these at the Yenching Academy.
Maithe van Luijk is an Amsterdam-born cosmopolitan with a passion for other cultures. After travelling in Asia for five months, she decided to start her studies in visual communication and graphic design in Rotterdam. At the same time, she was making her first acquaintance with entrepreneurship. As co-owner of a small clothing start-up, her aim was to change the world "one shirt at a time." However, faced with missing a certain depth, she decided to change her course radically by taking on a Bachelor degree in China Studies at the Leiden University Institute for Area Studies. Still driven by this passion for other cultures and changing the world, she is now weeks away from graduating with a Minor in International Relations, as well as an Honors degree and a second thesis. Next to that, she has successfully completed yoga teacher training in India and spent a summer as a volunteer in Kaohsiung. She has written a comparative thesis based on her research on the Confucian idea of ren (仁) and the keystones of liberalism as the grounds for our respective contemporary societies. At Yenching, she plans to delve further into the differences and similarities in the field of political philosophy between the two worlds. Wishing first to deepen and strengthen her knowledge on the matter, she hopes to someday contribute to strong relations between China and Europe.
Rosie Levine’s interest in China began at a very early age – she lived in Beijing as a child. Since returning to America at age nine, she has been striving to understand and reconnect to her second home.  This path led her to pursue degrees in History, Asian Languages & Cultures and Museum Studies at the University of Michigan. She focused her studies on U.S.US popular culture, modern Chinese history, cultural heritage and public history. Her studies culminated in her undergraduate honors thesis on U.S.US popular culture reactions to the Boxer Rebellion, focusing on how Americans came to understand China during that time. She graduated with High Honors and Highest Distinction in May of 2014. After graduation, Rosie moved back to Beijing where she worked doing research and preparing exhibits for a gallery that collects old maps and photographs of Beijing. Now, she works for the Beijing Cultural Heritage Protection Center - a Chinese NGO that works to preserve, protect and promote the unique cultural heritage of Beijing. She will be pursuing the History & Archeology field of study at the Yenching Academy to continue to grow her passion in Chinese history and culture.
At Zhejiang University, Liu Ruoxi has pursued her BA in French Language and Culture while simultaneously studying politics and sociology. She has been involved in university life working for the Office of International Affairs, and received several scholarships. Ruoxi was honored as an Excellent Graduate of Zheijang Province. She has participated in two exchange programs at UC Berkeley and Sciences Po Paris, through which she discovered her passion for immigration studies. She has conducted research concerning Asians on the West Coast of the US and African immigrants at Canton, and has successfully conducted a research project regarding Wenzhou immigrants in Paris. At the Yenching Academy, Ruoxi would like to continue deepening her knowledge in the field of immigration studies, which is her platform for observing cross-cultural phenomena.
Li Sicong will complete his LL.B. in the Zhou Enlai School of Government at Nankai University in 2016. At Nankai, he has focused on the regional policy and governance innovations of China and participated in four research projects. One of his papers was published in a core journal. His GPA ranked first in the Department of Public Administration, and he received the Baosteel Scholarship, Global Times Scholarship and First Class Scholarship of Nankai University for his academic performance and social work. Li has a passion for taking part in community and public service activities. He is the Vice-President of Student Government and a volunteer for several large events and social work programs. Beyond policy science, Li is a sports fanatic and loves cities. At the Yenching Academy, he will focus on the Economics and Management concentration, and hopes to research entrepreneurship and regional economic development.
Christopher Jamal Murphy from Monroe, Michigan, is a Boren Scholar who majored in Chinese Language and Culture along with French at Michigan State University. Christopher is fluent in French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Mandarin and is passionate about foreign language acquisition and community building through service projects, and is particularly interested in the diplomatic relationship between China and the U.S. While studying at the Yenching Academy, Christopher hopes to acquire a profound understanding of Chinese diplomacy and foreign policy; after which, he plans to begin a career in the Foreign Service.
Harry Moore (officially known as Thomas) is from London, United Kingdom. He is currently an undergraduate at Pembroke College, University of Oxford, and is majoring in Chinese and minoring in Japanese. He has a panoramic interest in China, both modern and classical.  Harry has previously worked as an intern in both the Beijing and London offices of Vermilion Partners, an investment advisory firm focusing on regulated sectors of the Chinese market. He was also recently director of marketing for the Oxford China Forum 2016, which brought together an audience of around 250 students together with leading experts to discuss issues relating to modern China. Harry has a great passion for early Chinese literature, and has recently submitted his final dissertation on the Zhuangzi. His dissertation provided a close textual analysis of the ‘Zhibeiyou’ chapter of the Zhuangzi, the last of the Outer Chapters. He has earnestly pursued this area of research during his time at Oxford, and also spent last summer studying literature at Taiwan Normal University’s Mandarin Training Centre. While there, he also founded and organized a weekly classical Chinese reading group. It is this passion for Chinese literature and culture that has led Harry to choose the Yenching Academy’s Literature and Culture concentration. Having previously spent his undergraduate year abroad at Peking University, he looks forward to enriching his understanding of this field in Peking University’s academic environment, an environment for which he has gained great respect. He hopes to focus in particular on early Chinese literature.
Ivel Posada Martínez is a Cuban national and a current resident of Boston. He is a 2014 graduate of Harvard College where he received his     BA, Magna Cum Laude, in Social Studies and Philosophy. At Harvard, Ivel was the recipient of four competitive research and public service fellowships, including the Radcliffe Institute's Pforzheimer Fellowship and Nicholson Award and Harvard's Presidential Public Service Fellowship. He has previously served as a member of HAUSCR's Young Leaders in China program, where he taught a seminar on the institution of judicial review at Renmin University High School in Beijing. His broad academic interests have touched on issues ranging from constitutional law, to the normativity of ethical precepts, to LGBT rights. A current Teach for America corps member, Ivel serves as the science department chair for the Henderson Upper School, the United States' first public K-12 inclusion school. As a Yenching Scholar, he will concentrate in economics and management and hopes to partner with the World Bank to research and quantify the economic costs of homophobia in China.
Lucila San Martín wants the world to get along better. That's why at the age of 16 she started volunteering for the Anne Frank House, an institution that promotes intercultural and interreligious dialogue and non-violence. To further this calling, she studied Communications at Universidad de San Andrés in her hometown of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and studied abroad as a Presidential Scholar on Semester at Sea, a ship-based program that takes students through Asia and Africa while taking relevant classes. She's an alumni of Global Changemakers and the G(irls)20 Summit. Her topic of undergraduate research is the role humor and joking play in communication. She hopes Yenching Academy will give her the tools to become an effective ally in mediating cross-cultural relations.
Ryan Mikkelsen will graduate summa cum laude from Washington University in St. Louis in May 2016 with a degree in Economics and International & Area Studies. Passionate about finding new and innovative ways of funding international development, Ryan has previously worked for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. He is currently a research assistant for the Weidenbaum Center on the Economy, Government, and Public Policy and works remotely for the Development Credit Authority within the United States Agency for International Development. Ryan recently defended his honors thesis, which explored the patterns and determinants of global remittances. The paper expanded upon earlier research that Ryan conducted while living and studying in Nepal. In the past, Ryan has investigated the challenges confronting international climate change financing as an attendee to the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Doha, Qatar. Ryan has a deep interest in China and has been studying Mandarin since he came to college. He spent a summer at Fudan University in Shanghai and has published a historical analysis of the pro-population policies in China under Mao Zedong. As a Yenching Scholar with a concentration in Economics and Management, Ryan hopes to further his understanding of development finance from a Chinese perspective. Ryan lives in the United States and is 22 years old.
Santana Muthoni is pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in International Relations, with a concentration in Diplomacy and Foreign policy, at the United States International University-Africa. Born and raised in Kenya, Santana is an aspiring diplomat with an interest in fostering global peace and development through cross-cultural education, for mutual understanding. This has been fueled by the leadership roles she has held while at her university, where she also served as President of AIESEC in USIU-Africa until December 2015. While at the Yenching Academy, Santana’s academic focus will be on Politics and International Relations and she will be exploring China’s foreign policy and its impact on Sino-Africa relations, by gaining a deeper understanding of Chinese politics and society. She is also looking forward to developing her Mandarin language skills while at the Academy.
Stephanie Oduro-Mensah is a Ghanaian who is currently engaged as a Teaching Assistant in the University of Ghana’s Chinese Department. She is also a student of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA, UK) where she has already earned an Advance Diploma in Accounting and Business. She was awarded the Confucius Scholarship to study Chinese language and culture at Zhejiang University of Technology in the 2013-2014 academic year and graduated from University of Ghana in 2015 with a B.A. in Chinese and Political Science. Stephanie is passionate about voluntarily serving in community development projects such as project GreenStamp, which saw her operate in Marrakech-Morocco in December 2012 as well as project ExploreChina in January 2014 at Suzhou-China. Stephanie’s interest in China-African cooperation informed her decision to pursue Politics and International Relations at the Yenching Academy. She intends focusing on ‘The New Face of China-Africa Relations.’
Ma Yingyi studies Social Work at Beijing Normal University. As an undergraduate, she has been awarded many national and regional scholarships. She also has been involved in several research projects and practicums related to rural Chinese and disadvantaged groups. Yingyi’s academic interests include gender and labor, NPO issues and inequalities in contemporary Chinese society. At the Yenching Academy, Yingyi plans to focus on ethnic identity and community reconstruction in globalized China.
Born and raised in Gouda, the Netherlands, Hylke de Sauvage Nolting currently studies at Leiden University College The Hague. In this interdisciplinary program he majors in World Politics. He took part in a wide variety of courses related to the field of International Relations. Hylke was already fascinated by China in high school, which resulted in him researching the Chinese Real Estate sector for his final project. After paying his first visit to China last year his interest intensified, and he is delighted to have the opportunity to explore China more at Yenching. His intended concentration is Politics and International Relations, with a focus on China-EU relations.
Jeff Niu is native of Flushing, New York, and grew up as a seasonal resident of Haidian, Beijing. He is currently a student in the Dual BA Program between Columbia University and Sciences Po; for two years he studied Political Science, Economics, and International Law in France, followed by two years of study in East Asian Studies and Business Management in the United States. Spurred by his own Chinese-American upbringing, Jeff’s academic interests focus primarily on Sino-U.S. affairs. Encouraged by a professional interest in experiential education, Jeff returned to China in 2013 to personally explore its evolving business landscape—during this time he helped found the China Youth Business League, a platform for business competition and education. Aided by his experience in developing extracurricular enrichment platforms, Jeff wrote his senior thesis on the stratifying forces of private education within existing socioeconomic disparities in China. As a Yenching Scholar, Jeff will study Economics and Management, and hopes to use his time in Beijing to further analyze the relationship between private education development and macroeconomic trends.
Deniz Cem Ozensoy will arrive at the Yenching Academy from Istanbul, Turkey. He graduated from the University of Chicago with BA degrees in East Asian Languages and Civilizations, and Economics. Currently he is interested in international relations and he plans to study the Politics and International Relations concentration offered at the Yenching Academy. He intends to do research on projects that promote international integration and cooperation led by China such as the Asian Infrastructure Development Bank and the New Silk Road Project. He has been to China three times in the past, which all add up to 7 months of living in China. He is interested in modern and premodern Chinese history as well as China’s position in international politics.
Aruth Phraerungrueang, or "Fudge", studied Economics at Chulalongkorn University. Fudge was President of the university’s English Debate Society, where he recruited and trained students to represent Thailand internationally. He used English debating to encourage thought organization, constructive dialogues and international exposure for Thai students. Fudge has taught English debating workshops at five Chinese provincial universities. He made his classrooms into forums for thought exchange where he learned the new generation Chinese’s perspectives on current issues.
Currently a senior at Stanford University, Benjamin Pham is originally from the state of Georgia in the United States. He is majoring in political science and minoring in both East Asian history and German studies.  At Stanford, he has worked as a research assistant to Professor and former U.S. Ambassador Michael McFaul, as well as to Professor Takeo Hoshi. He currently assists with Professor Hoshi's research, conducted in cooperation with the Japanese Ministry of Economics, Trade, and Industry, by carrying out statistical evaluations of Japanese innovation policy. He has interned at Caixin Media in Beijing and the National Institute of Research Advancement in Tokyo, and conducted independent research on representations of modernization in state-affiliated museums in Seoul as a Stanford Chappell Lougee Scholar. He won the 2015 Stanford Korea Program Korean Studies Writing Prize for a paper on the role of Japanese firms in spurring South Korea’s rapid industrialization during the 1960s and 1970s. Broadly, his academic interests as they pertain to China lie in the modern history of trilateral interactions between Korea, Japan, and China. At the Yenching Academy, he will concentrate in History and Archaeology, and he tentatively plans to write his thesis on a topic related to the history of Sino-Japanese and Sino-Korean intellectual exchanges during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Ravi Prasad is British with Indian heritage. He studied Economics at the University of Cambridge and graduated in 2015. During his time at Cambridge, Ravi organized conferences on the subjects of International Relations and Economic Development; the latter facilitating the first meeting between H.E Liu Xiaoming and H.E Ranjan Mathai (Chinese and Indian Ambassadors to the UK). In 2012, Ravi was announced as one of three Top Young Economists by the Royal Economic Society and in 2015 he led the UK team to second place in KPMG's International Consulting Championships in Dubai. Ravi was an exchange student at Princeton University in 2014, and has previously interned at the UN and written for The Times. He is currently working for Goldman Sachs in London in their Thematic Research Division where he has focused on Chinese economic growth and more recently on the rise of the Tech Sector. At The Yenching Academy, Ravi intends to pursue the Economics & Management concentration. His interests lie in the interaction of Chinese and Indian economic growth on global asset markets, as well as Anglo-Chinese trade relations. Ravi is looking forward to exploring these issues in more depth at YCA.
Vaishnavi Patil (Satara, India) completed a Masters' in History of Art from the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London in 2015, where she studied Chinese paintings, calligraphy and ceramics along with Western art theory. Her thesis, titled “China meets West: Understanding cross-cultural artistic interactions through the battle-scenes of the Qianlong Emperor”, studied the European artistic influences seen in the Qing court art of the 18th century. Prior to this, she received her Bachelors' degree from St. Xavier's College Autonomous, Mumbai studying ancient Indian culture, history and psychology. Her research papers have been selected for inclusion at the International Indian Art History Congress 2013, the Stanford-Berkeley Conference on Pre-modern Chinese Humanities, 2016 and the 21st biennial conference of the European Association for Chinese Studies, St. Petersburg, 2016. Apart from fine arts, she is passionate about literature, performance arts, languages and cultures, and hopes to link different disciplines of study through her work. Also an international delegate to the inaugural Yenching Global Symposium, Vaishnavi is looking forward to returning to the Academy to deepen her understanding of Chinese history, philosophy and culture and to further her Chinese language skills.
Maximilian Römer is a German national who currently resides in The Hague, The Netherlands. He studies at Leiden University where he majors in International Studies with concentrations in both East Asian Studies and Public Policy. In addition, he has gained multifaceted experiences in various countries working with the German parliament, the International Energy Agency, different NGO’s, and on consultancy projects. Having spent a semester at the University of Hong Kong and volunteered in Taipei, Maximilian is excited to truly explore political and cultural processes in Chinese society. At the Yenching Academy he intends to specialize in Economics and Management, in order to deepen his expertise on trade issues related to the One Belt-One Road Initiative and its implications for Eurasia. He hopes that nurturing his linguistic abilities and understanding of China will enable him to further improve Sino-European relations in the future.
Mikk Raud is originally from Estonia, but chose to obtain his Bachelor’s degree in Government and Laws from the University of Hong Kong, where he is currently a final year student. During his studies, Mikk has completed internships with the Atlantic Treaty Association in Brussels, as well as the Estonian Embassy in Beijing. Having conducted research on China’s cyber capabilities for the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Centre of Excellence, his career interests concern cyber security policy making and security consultation. At the Yenching Academy, Mikk will read Economics and Management and hopes to improve his Mandarin skills to business level fluency. His life-long passions include playing tennis and hiking in nature.
Zachary Reshovsky completed his Bachelors at the University of Washington in Seattle, graduating cum laude with a degree in International Studies from the Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies. Previously, Zachary worked on a number of state-level political campaigns, most recently serving as Director of Communications for a Seattle City Council race. He has also interned in the U.S. Senate, where he worked on research regarding the implementation of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reforms and passage of the Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership.Zachary has lived in China on several prior occasions, participating in the 2015 Critical Language Scholarship Program in Suzhou and interning at the US State Department’s Consul Guangzhou in 2014, where he conducted pattern analysis for consular counter-visa fraud and anti-human trafficking efforts. Zachary possesses a deep interest in Chinese language, culture, and politics, having studied Mandarin for six years and focused on the Asia-Pacific region during his undergraduate studies at the Jackson School. Outside of the classroom, Zachary enjoys competitive policy debate, playing classical piano, writing fiction, and soccer. His career interests most prominently include U.S. congressional staffing, international law, and diplomacy.
Caitlin Spring identifies as an intersectional feminist, and her commitment to feminism and feminist research is of the utmost importance to her academic career. After high school Caitlin started her undergraduate degree at The University of Cape Town, majoring in English Literature and Language and Philosophy. Aware of the strong Eurocentric focus of her undergraduate subjects, Caitlin was motivated to then pursue an Honours degree in Gender and Transformation, which she completed at the end of last year with a First Class Pass. The strong Afrocentric emphasis of the Gender Studies syllabus encouraged her to seek out as many culturally-rooted ways of thinking as possible - this was one of the main aspects of the Yenching Academy that attracted her to the master’s programme. Not only committed to academic pursuits, Caitlin is a passionate writer, exploring both creative prose and social justice issues. Caitlin has been fortunate enough to have had many of her articles published through both national and international, online and print, platforms. To further develop her writing skills, Caitlin is currently undertaking an Honors degree in Creative Writing at the University of The Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, which she will complete before her departure to China. She is looking forward to attaining a more nuanced understanding of China’s influence on global politics and international relations, and is incredibly excited for her time in Beijing.
Ewoud De Sadeleer is a Belgian national who is currently studying for his Master of Linguistics at KU Leuven. Before that, he completed his Bachelor in Philosophy with a minor in Dutch Language and Literature at the same institution. He was president of the Philosophy Student Association and is still active in student representation as a member of the Student Council. He is particularly interested in the comparison between Chinese and Western Philosophy and China’s relation to the rest of the world.
Grzegorz Stec is a Polish student reading for an MSc in Contemporary Chinese Studies at the University of Oxford, and a recipient of the Jenkins Memorial Fund scholarship. His dissertation focuses on the prospects of developing the '16+1' China-Central and Eastern Europe initiative. Before moving to the UK he graduated from three BA programmes at the Jagiellonian University in Cracow (International Relations, Far Eastern Studies, and Comparative Studies of Civilisations) and participated in a one-year-long language programme conducted by the Beijing Foreign Studies University (HSK 4 passed by the end of the programme). He pursued a graduate internship at the Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Beijing and cooperated with the Adam Mickiewicz Institute on some of its Chinese projects. Throughout the summer months of this year he will pursue an internship at the European Institute for Asian Studies in Brussels. In his research he focuses on the international relations and diplomacy of the PRC - particularly China-Visegrad Group relations. Moreover, he is also interested in the interconnection between language and culture, and human behaviour, especially in the context of intercultural dialogue. Hence, at the Yenching Academy he plans to complete the politics and international relations concentration, therefore combining his interests.
Laís Bueno Sachs studied International Relations at the University of Brasília (UnB), Brazil. During her undergraduate course, she undertook an exchange program at Shanghai Fudan University, where she expanded her understanding of Chinese Foreign Policy, BRICS, and the New Development Bank created by this group. She also wrote several analyses about international conjuncture, especially about BRICS, China, Latin America and International Political Economy. Her undergraduate thesis was focused on Automotive Industries in Brazil and in Mexico and their impacts on these domestic economies. During her last semester at UnB, she worked as an intern at the Brazilian Government's Foreign Trade Chamber, where she could participate in the government’s policy making process related to imports and exports. She is particularly interested in Chinese Foreign Policy, Sino-South America Relations, Mercosur (Mercado Común del Sur), Chinese culture, International Negotiation, International Political Economy, and Foreign Trade. Her intended field of studies at the Yenching Academy is International Relations and Foreign Trade.
Luyolo Sijake is from the Eastern Cape province in South Africa and is currently based in Beijing, China. He completed his undergraduate degree in Politics, Philosophy and Economics at the University of Cape Town and, after working for about a year in the fields of trade and energy research focusing on the BRICS member countries, became a student at Peking University where he is currently taking a variety of courses including International Relations, Energy and Environmental Studies, Commercial Law, TV Production and Market Research, all as a continuation of a Chinese language program. Luyolo intends to pursue the Economics and Management concentration at the Yenching Academy. His connection with China began when he started studying Mandarin Chinese through a Confucius Institute in South Africa. He has now been studying Chinese for a total of between three and four years and has travelled to China several times for both work and study over the past few years. Apart from China’s fascinating language, culture and history, Luyolo is particularly intrigued by the more recent economic and political transformations that have taken place and the way in which these have led to the reshaping of China’s position on the world stage. He hopes to deepen his understanding in this area during his time at the Yenching Academy.
Miri Shlimak is a 24 year old Tel Aviv University graduate of East Asian Studies and Art History. She has been studying, working and playing music in Beijing since the Spring of 2015. She currently works at the press department of the Israeli Embassy. Miri had studied in various international schools for most of her childhood and early teenage years. During her studies, Miri discovered a great interest in linguistics. By twelve years old, she was already fluent in Russian, Hebrew and English, while beginning to study Spanish in school. When Miri finished her Israeli national service, she decided to follow her early childhood fascination with Chinese culture and language and applied for the department of East Asian Studies. During her second year of university, she achieved first prize in the local Chinese proficiency competition, Chinese Bridge 2014 (汉语桥). Following this, she participated in the international competition in China, where she placed in the top 30 amongst 200 students. Her bachelor's thesis was dedicated to finding the place of Chinese philosophy in the modern digital era. She also received the Dean's and Rector's certificate of excellence for her high academic achievements. As a result, she received two Confucius Institute scholarships and decided to enroll in Peking University. Miri is passionate about exploring new aspects of China through her future academic studies. Miri's fields of interest and studies include business management, international relations and a more intensive Chinese language study experience.
Nichakan Srichaiwan graduated from Thammasat University Thailand, where she studied Political Science majoring in International Relations and Politics. In 2012, she interned in Shanghai at the Thai Trade Center, which is part of the Thai Ministry of Commerce. This internship led, after completing her bachelor’s degree, to being hired as an analyst in the Thai Trade Center in Shanghai. Since 2014, she has joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Thailand as a diplomat assigned to the Political-Security Division, Department of ASEAN Affairs. Her professional experiences include working as an assistant to Thailand’s representative to the ASEAN-Russia Eminent Persons Group, and an assistant to Thailand’s Representative to the ASEAN Intergovernmental Commission on Human Rights. At Yenching Academy, she hopes to further pursue her interest in China’s Foreign Policy and Chinese History to further deepen friendly relations and cooperation between Thailand and China for the future.
Nikola Stojanović lives in Belgrade, Serbia. He completed his Bachelor’s Degree in International Affairs at the Faculty of Political Sciences, University of Belgrade, receiving several awards for outstanding academic achievements, including being named the best student in his class and the most successful student of his University. Nikola is the president of Thermidor, a non-governmental organization, and the chief manager of Serbian Academic Circle, a nationwide students' organization. Passionate about geopolitics and diplomatic history, he has developed an innovative method of teaching international politics through computer-based political simulations. During his undergraduate studies, Nikola won first place at the national student's competition in international humanitarian law. Additionally, as a high school student, he won first place in the national competition in history. Nikola is fluent in Serbian, English, and French. At the Yenching Academy, Nikola intends to pursue the International Relations and Politics concentration.  In particular, Nikola hopes to gain a better understanding of Chinese Marxism and to further investigate the role of ideology in Chinese foreign policy. In addition, he is looking forward to deepening his knowledge of China’s cooperation with Central, Eastern and Southeastern European countries. In the future, Nikola would like to contribute to the development of Sino-Serbian bilateral relations by working in a foreign policy decision making position in Serbia.
Rexroad Simons studied international relations at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California with concentrations in East Asia and International Economic Development. Simons, who began studying Mandarin in first grade, spent fall of 2014 studying at Peking University in Beijing through Stanford's Bing Overseas Studies Program (BOSP). He intends to concentrate in Economics and Management at Yenching Academy. Rexroad grew up in Medina, Minnesota, although he currently calls his parent’s ranch in Simms, Montana home. Rexroad served as a Stanford in Beijing Program Ambassador on campus from May 2015 to June 2016. In that role he helped manage and run programs designed to increase student enrollment in the program, and helped interview candidates for the Program Director position. Simons was also a member of the Stanford Alpine Ski Team and Stanford in Government. He currently works for Peakview Capital, the U.S. investment arm of the largest fund of funds (FOF) in China (Shengjing Group).
Shamir Shehab holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from North South University and will graduate in May 2016 from Cornell University with a Master of Public Administration concentrating in Environmental Policy. In his capacity as a Graduate Resident Fellow, Shamir provides support for academic and leadership enrichment activities to undergraduate students, and he is also the Chair of Administration at Cornell International Affairs Forum. Shamir - a native to Bangladesh - founded the Bangladesh Youth Environmental Initiative (BYEI) in 2009 with a mission to nurture the next generation of environmental leaders. He also worked for the Friendship NGO in its Solar Micro-Grid and Community-Based Water Treatment Plant projects to ensure electricity and drinking water supply to the people of remote Island areas of Bangladesh affected by devastating cyclone AILA and SIDR. He has received a number of awards for his works including the Queen’s Young Leaders Award from Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth II for his exceptional leadership in creating positive change in the society. As a Yenching Scholar, Shamir plans to study Politics and International Relations to better understand China’s Foreign Policy and its role in an increasingly complex and interdependent world. China aspires to lead the clean tech innovations and promised to lower its CO2 emissions, so Shamir is interested in exploring how China is crafting its policies to balance between economic growth and industrialization, and pollution. He hopes to leverage his knowledge and understanding of China’s economic, political and governance system to become a mediator between China and the rest of the world, helping to facilitate the dialogues and negotiation around climate change and global environmental governance.
Alicia Tee is currently majoring in Global Affairs in Yale University. She is a Singaporean citizen and will work in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs upon graduation. She is interested in understanding different regions in the world, and has previously studied abroad in both Spain and Indonesia. Alicia intends to pursue the Politics and International Relations concentration at the Yenching Academy. She anticipates that a well-grounded understanding of China’s domestic politics and foreign policy is critical for her future work in the Singaporean government, especially given the geographic proximity of both countries and increasing ties between China and Southeast Asia. She also hopes to explore how her identity as a Chinese Singaporean can best be understood in relation to China, and is particularly interested in Chinese diaspora communities in Southeast Asia. In her free time, Alicia loves to run, travel, eat, and cook.
Belinda Huijuan Tang grew up in San Jose, California, in an American community heavily populated by Chinese immigrants. Both her parents come from villages in Anhui province, and Chinese culture strongly influenced her upbringing. Belinda attended Stanford University and majored in economics. Her studies focused on development policy and brought her to Guatemala, Uganda, and, finally, Lesotho, where she wrote a senior thesis on the effects of a quota policy that mandated one-third of elected officials in local government be women. She currently works as an analyst in a public school district in the Bay Area. Her interests include creative writing, global development, and education reform. At Yenching Academy, she intends to concentrate in Chinese literature.
With a background in behavioral neuroscience and anthropology, Benjamin Trnka (AB'15, University of Chicago) plans to use his time at the Yenching Academy to explore ways in which traditional Chinese medical systems approach growing global issues like substance abuse and psychiatric illness. Trnka is currently on a Fulbright-Nehru research grant in North India, where he researches a cohort of drug users to help identify health interventions for juvenile substance use. While at The University of Chicago, Trnka helped lead the NEURO Club and did extensive research with the Human Behavioral Pharmacology Laboratory exploring the acute effects of substances like MDMA (ecstasy). “My past research, combined with my studies at the Yenching Academy, will position me well ... to contribute to the growing international discourse on drug use,” said Trnka, who plans eventually to pursue an MD/PhD program and continue working closely with non-allopathic medical systems. Although this will be Trnka’s first time in China, he grew up in Seattle where he enjoyed parallels between his experiences as a Bosnian-American and those of his Chinese-American peers. He is excited to finally see China first-hand, where he can add to the stories he heard while growing up!
Ekaterina (Kat) Tchebotareva was born in Velikiy Novgorod, Russia and grew up in Toronto, Canada. Having been fortunate enough to live in six countries thus far, she is currently completing her studies at Harvard University in the U.S. As an undergraduate, she wrote and defended her Senior Honors Thesis on the Sovereignty Implications of the Basic Law of Hong Kong, which looked at the intersection of law, sovereignty theory, and East Asian history. To gather the requisite research, she travelled to Hong Kong to conduct interviews as a Fung Foundation Scholar. Aside from her thesis work, while at Harvard she also pursued a secondary field in Economics and a French language citation. As a student at the Yenching Academy, she hopes to further her knowledge of global markets by concentrating in Economics & Management, and is planning on delving into her interests in tech-enabled companies by writing her Master’s thesis on innovation and entrepreneurship in Zhongguancun.
Jakob Terwitte, a native of Kiel, Germany, is currently pursuing a master’s in political theory at the London School of Economics focusing on Chinese political thought. After graduating from Middlebury College, USA, in 2013 with a B.A. in political science, Jakob worked for the think tanks European Council on Foreign Relations and the Global Public Policy Institute, policy consultancy China Policy, and environmental NGO China Dialogue. He has studied and worked on three continents and is fluent in five languages, including Mandarin. At the Yenching Academy Jakob will study Chinese history, laying the foundations for a Ph.D. in this field.
Niuniu Zhi-Xiang Teo was born in the United States, and grew up in Northern California. She is currently finishing her undergraduate degree in History at Stanford University, with a focus on U.S. history and modern Chinese history. She will also graduate with minors in Economics and Creative Writing. She is currently writing an honors thesis on Hu Shi (1891-1962), a prominent Chinese philosopher, and received a major grant from Stanford's Undergraduate Advising and Research to conduct research on him during the summer of 2015. She also served as a research assistant for the Chinese Railroad Worker’s Project, which seeks to give a voice to the Chinese migrant laborers who helped to shape the physical and social landscape of the American West. As a production intern for Forum, a radio talk show that airs on National Public Radio’s local station in San Francisco (KQED), she produced and directed a show about the Railroad Worker’s Project. Because of her interest in journalism, cross-cultural communication, and public policy, she will be pursuing the Politics and International Relations track at Yenching Academy. In her spare time, she enjoys playing piano, and performed Saint-Saëns’ Second Piano Concerto as the featured soloist with the Stanford Philharmonic Orchestra in their winter concert in 2016.
Quoc Anh Tran comes from Vietnam and will graduate with a B.A. in English from Hanoi University of Science and Technology in June 2016. During his time in college, he was an exchange student at KU Leuven for an academic year on the Erasmus Mundus scholarship. Throughout his undergraduate studies in Vietnam and Belgium, he has focused on international development and various factors that influence the field. While at the Yenching Academy, Quoc Anh hopes to research China’s development process and use this knowledge to deal with contemporary issues in his native Vietnam. Impressed by China’s culture and language since visiting the country in 2011, Quoc Anh also plans on utilizing his time in China to enhance his Chinese skills.
Riaki Tanaka, a Japan based ethnographic documentary filmmaker, completed his M.A. at the University of Manchester in UK and his undergraduate studies at Waseda University in Japan. His research interests lie in the area of visual representation as a means of conveying anthropological knowledge, social connections between the giver and recipient of information, and memory and its vulnerability in the context of visualization.  At Waseda University, where he studied cultural anthropology, Riaki conducted and participated in a number of anthropological research projects related to Southeast Asian countries, including, conducting fieldwork in Laos. His bachelor thesis versed on the economic situation of Filipino immigrants in Japan. In Manchester, Riaki studied Visual Anthropology along with filmmaking techniques. He gained experience in producing several ethnographic documentaries filmed in various places, from residential areas in Manchester to forests in southern England. Riaki graduated from The University of Manchester with an ethnographic documentary project named “Tsukumai”, whose protagonists are performers of traditional acrobatic performance held in Ryugasaki, Japan, that analyses their sense of duty to succeed the tradition. While at the Yenching Academy, he hopes to apply his anthropological method to represent Chinese social lifestyle in the age of rapid transformation.
Tcybzhid Tcybikova is from the city of Ulan-Ude, the Republic of Buryatia, Russian Federation. She has studied Oriental studies and Chinese history at the Buryat State University where she has also majored in Chinese language with a minor in Tibetan. She has a wide range of research interests including the Iron Age in China with the “Spring and Autumn” and the “Warring States” periods, Sino-Russian relations and comparative historical studies. Tcybzhid has also participated in archeological fieldwork in South-Eastern Siberia, which took place at the Paleolithic excavation site and at the Ivolga archaeological site of a fortified city of the Xiongnu. Her final undergraduate research project focused on the doctrine of Sun-Yatsen in relation to Taiwan’s economic and political development. She has then pursued her Master’s degree in Applied Foreign Languages at the National Taiwan University of Science and Technology. At the Yenching Academy, Tcybzhid intends to continue studying Chinese history. She hopes to gain more theoretical perspectives and insights from Chinese scholars and contribute to Sino-Russian relations in the future. Tcybzhid believes that historical evidence from the past can explain what is going on at the present time, can reveal main causes of current political events, and can give wise suggestions. For these reasons she finds a short quote by Confucius as a great source of personal motivation - “Study the past if you would define the future”.
Tze Ern Teo, born and raised in Singapore, is currently completing his undergraduate degree in philosophy at the University of Chicago, where he has primarily worked on philosophical skepticism and the later Wittgenstein. At the University of Chicago, he led a student organization, GlobeMed, which fundraised and provided capacity-building support for an anti-tuberculosis grassroots NGO in Peru. He also co-founded a restorative justice program for youth in Chicago's West Side. At the Yenching Academy, he hopes to develop a deeper understanding of Chinese foreign policy and to examine the intersection between China’s philosophical heritage and her strategic culture today. After completing his studies, he will return home to serve as a diplomat for Singapore’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he hopes to use what he has learnt at the Yenching Academy to build understanding within the Asia-Pacific.
Tang Yao grew up in Sichuan, China, a province famous for its spicy hot pot and enthusiastic people. He spent his childhood with his parents and grandparents in a small county, and when he was 18, enrolled in Peking University and started his life in the new city. Yao is majoring in Biomedical English and Economics. He has focused his studies on the medical humanities and health economy, and has undertaken several related research projects. In addition to academic work, Yao is also active in student and volunteer activities. He previously served as President of the Student Union for the Peking University Institute for Medical Humanities, and has co-sponsored a volunteer team in Laos, which was the subject of a CCTV report. At the Yenching Academy, he intends to concentrate in Economics and Management.
Marta Vitvitska graduated from National Technical University of Ukraine “Kyiv Polytechnic Institute” (NTUU “KPI”) in 2015 with a Master’s degree in International Business Management. She holds a Bachelor’s degree from NTUU “KPI” in Management and was an Erasmus Exchange Student at KU Leuven. She was actively involved in student life through her activities in Student Council. Marta was a licensee of the first TEDxKPI event in her alma mater. Marta works as a Risk Management Coordinator within KPMG Ukraine. At the Yenching Academy, she will concentrate on China’s economic development particularly in China's Innovation & Research in ICT industry and potential cooperation among China-Ukraine in these fields.
Alexandria Sahai Williams was raised in Atlanta, Georgia and attended college at Wesleyan University, where she obtained a B.A. in East Asian Studies and a B.A. in Economics. As a college student, Alexandria spent a summer traveling and working in China for a growing education startup and spent a semester in Taiwan studying at National Chengchi University, where she began work with a small Taiwanese production group. Upon graduation Alexandria returned to Atlanta and began work in the city’s growing film and production sector. There, she saw first-hand the economic and social power of the film industry. Alexandria is extremely interested in the power of film and visual media and its effects on society and culture. She appreciates media and film’s multifaceted ability to promote social consciousness, educate, entertain, and boost local industry. With respect to China, Alexandria is fascinated by the development of China’s domestic film industry and the industry’s potential for promoting development. By studying Law and Society at the Yenching Academy, she aims to develop a deeper understanding of the manner in which China’s domestic law can be leveraged to foster strong connections between domestic filmmakers and foreign production companies. She also hopes to promote Chinese film and production on the world stage. Alexandria is also interested in China’s history of international diplomacy with developing nations in Africa and South East Asia, and how these relationships have affected Chinese society. 
Georgina Korkoi Wilson is from Ghana and Nigeria, and currently lives in Togo. She is a graduating senior from Dartmouth College in the United States, and this June she will graduate with a Bachelor of Arts in Government, with a concentration in International Relations and Comparative Politics. As a Yenching Scholar, she aims to continue her study of International Relations by pursuing the Politics and International Relations concentration of the Yenching Academy’s China Studies program. She is particularly interested in Chinese foreign policy towards African countries, and Chinese Public Policy and Governance as a model of development.
Wang Haiyan grew up in Tsingdao, Shandong province. She is majoring in English Linguistics and Literature in Beihang University. In college, she was awarded the National Scholarship four consecutive years, and also won her university’s Person of the Year award. She was Vice-President of the university’s English debate team, winning many awards. Wang has explored linguistics, literature, psychology and Chinese culture during her college years, and has decided to become the researcher on China-related topics and a speaker for Chinese culture.
Thomas Werkmeister studied IT-Systems Engineering at the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam, Germany. During his undergraduate studies, he co-founded the software consultancy Scalable Minds, and since has helped advance research and startup projects spanning fields such as productivity, education and neuroscience. Complementing his technical background with a concentration in Economics and Management at the Yenching Academy, Thomas wants to familiarize himself with the Chinese innovation and technology sector. Using his specialization in artificial intelligence and natural language processing, he is looking to innovate in news media and education; two fields he sees as vehicles to promoting openness, knowledge, and participation.
Yifan was born and raised in Beijing, China. Both his parents are Beijingers, and he knows Beijing culture to the core. Yifan attends Peking University, where he is majoring in International Relations. His passion for intercultural communication has led him to Switzerland, South Korea, Japan, and Singapore, where he attended several forums focused on youth political leadership. Wu has worked for educational projects in China’s rural areas. His interests include basketball, travelling and movies. At the Yenching, he intends to concentrate in Politics and International Relations.
Wang Ziyu is graduating from Peking University with majors in Sociology and Economics. Previously, he worked with Deloitte Consulting and UNESCO. He has been an exchange student at the University of Hong Kong, and has participated in exchange programs and international academic meetings in Korea, Japan, Australia, Singapore, and Brazil. Wang has received academic and program-specific scholarships from the government, UNIQLO, the International Alliance of Research Universities, and the Association of Pacific Rim Universities. He has worked to promote international communication as a Fung Scholar, and won First Prize in the National Mathematics Olympics. Wang has been involved in the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study and China Family Panel Studies, and is interested in the application of game theory to sociology At the Yenching Academy, he will continue his research on contemporary Chinese society and work in NGOs.
Céline Si Xu graduated from Mines ParisTech where she studied Science and Executive Engineering, with a minor in supply chain management. After graduation, Céline worked as a consultant, which enabled her to gain valuable experience in international project management.  During this period, she contributed to several transformation programs in France, the U.S., Congo-Brazzaville, Thailand, Dubai, as well as China. Her assignments raised her awareness about cultural gaps and confirmed her intuition about their negative impacts on efficiency, if misunderstood. As China is now the 2nd largest economy in the world, bridging gaps between China and the rest of the world is a critical issue. As Céline defines herself as a Sino-French representative, she feels that she has much to contribute. At the Yenching Academy, she will deepen her understanding of China from a global perspective, with a particular focus on Economics and Management. Céline was born in China and currently lives in France.
Xu Rui studies law and ideological and political education at the China University of Political Science and Law. She has published two articles in the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index, and was awarded numerous national scholarships for her academic achievements. Xu spent two semesters as an exchange student at National Taipei University and Nankai University. Her internship experience includes working for CCTV, in court, and for Baidu and Tencent. Her academic interests lie mainly in international human rights law and the politics of international development. Xu’s goal is to be a researcher in international court, contributing to the protection of women and children.
Xu Shuyu studies ancient Chinese literature at the Advanced Institute of Confucian Studies of Shandong University. In the past few years, she was awarded the Scholarship for Student Excellence and the Shandong Province Scholarship for Radio and Television based on her academic performance and news reporting abilities. Xu is an active volunteer. She has volunteered at the 3rd Nishan World Civilization Forum, the 22nd International Congress of Historical Sciences, the 24th World Memory Championships, and other events. She was awarded the title of Excellent Member of the Communist Youth League and Excellent Volunteer of Shandong Province on multiple occasions. Xu has also served as the President of the Nishan College Student Union and the leading singer in the college chorus. She has gained an understanding of ancient Chinese civilization through studying literature, history and philosophy. At the Yenching Academy, she will focus on social sciences, and politics in particular, to equip herself with a comprehensive understanding of China’s development.
Xu Yang will graduate from the Yuanpei College of Peking University, where she is majoring in Politics, Philosophy and Economics. She has done in-depth research on China’s growth pattern in the perspective of political economics, sponsored by the President’s Fund, and was lead author for this research. Xu Yang has also served as a delegate of the Student Union of Peking University’s Standing Committee, President of the Peking University Student Union, and President of the Philosophy of Political Economics Association. She has interned in the China Securities Regulatory Commission and at a well-known law firm. Xu Yang has been honored as an “Outstanding Beijing Student Cadre” among other honors and awards.
Zhong Jing studies governance and economics at Peking University, and was nominated as a 2014 Peking University Top Ten Volunteer. While at PKU, he received the National Scholarship, Leadership Scholarship and Leo Ko Guan Scholarship for Academic Excellence. His research has focused on the rural development of modern China. At the Yenching Academy, Zhong will continue to pursue his interest in regional development.
Zhang Lu will graduate from Peking University with a bachelor’s degree in Japanese language and Economics. He was named a Merit Student for excellent academic performance in 2012-2013, and received the Award for Contribution to Student Organizations in the 2014-2015 academic year. Zhang visited Japan as a member of the National Delegation of Excellent Undergraduates in 2015. He is interested in China's outbound mergers and acquisitions, and plans to write his thesis on China's M&A in Japan. Zhang’s career goal is to work in a private equity firm or the strategic investment department of a leading Internet company.
Zhou Tianyao will graduate from the University of Science and Technology Beijing (USTB), where he is majoring in English Language and Literature. He was named Outstanding Student of the Year in 2013 and 2014 (awarded to the top 0.1% of USTB students). Zhou was Chairman of the Student Union in the School of Foreign Studies and the founder of the USTB Debate Club. He was formerly a member of the Student Union Committee and was Athletic Services Supervisor for the 2014 Youth Olympic Games badminton competition. Zhou was the champion in the Beijing division of an English drama contest hosted by CCTV. He has completed a National Social Science Fund Project: “A Comparison of Formulaic Sequences in Native and Non-Native Academic Writing,” and has also translated the English novel The Fire and the Gold and a poetry collection, Rupert Brooke's Poems, published by Yilin Press.
Zoe Zhang graduated from Princeton University in 2016, where she majored in East Asian Studies and completed a thesis on the history of caterpillar fungus and the concept of “wonder drugs” in Chinese medicine from the 18th-century to the present day. A lifelong resident of the United States, she began studying Chinese history at Princeton, where she focused on topics at the intersection of Qing history, Chinese frontier history, and material culture. Zoe previously spent a semester studying advanced Chinese at the Inter-University Program at Tsinghua, and has also interned as a Public Relations Assistant at the Sichuan Provincial Museum. At the Yenching Academy, Zoe hopes to continue studying Qing history while completing a Master’s Thesis on the political economy of the Yunnan tea industry amidst rural land reform in the late 20th century.
Zhao Zhenyao graduated from Shandong University with a degree in Chinese Language and Literature. She studied in Nishan College, where she was involved in a systematic study of ancient Chinese literature, history and philosophy and won numerous academic honors. Zhenyao was an exchange student to the National Chengchi University in Taiwan. This year, she was invited to attend the Youth Leader Workshop in Taipei to focus on the relationship between Mainland China and Taiwan. In the future, she plans to devote herself to promoting the development of Chinese culture.
